Gambling Commission website Cookies on the Gambling Commission website The Gambling Commission website uses cookies to make the site work better for you. Some of these cookies are essential to how the site functions and others are optional. Optional cookies help us remember your settings, measure your use of the site and personalise how we communicate with you. Any data collected is anonymised and we do not set optional cookies unless you consent. Accept all cookies Set cookie preferences You've accepted all cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Hide Cookie Message Skip to main content Public and playersLicensees and businessesLicensing authorities About usNewsContact usServices Menu Search the website Search the website Close search Content in this section Close menu Home Safer gambling Money and rights Fundraising and lotteries National Lottery Complaints Public Register Other parts of the website For public and players For licensees and businesses For licensing authorities Corporate information About us News Contact us Online services Helping you get information about gambling in Great Britain and find support when you need it We license, regulate, advise and provide guidance to the individuals and businesses that offer gambling in Great Britain, including the National Lottery in the UK. Check a licensed gambling business Search the business register You can also search our public register for licensed individuals and premises. Popular on the website Fundraising, raffles and lotteries Safer gambling Complain about a gambling business What happens to your money if a gambling business goes bust I can&#39;t withdraw my winnings Age, ID and financial verification Safer gambling Find out how to stay safe when gambling, get help, advice and how to use tools to manage your gambling activity. Money and rights Our new guides help you understand your rights when gambling and how gambling businesses protect your money. Fundraising and lotteries You may need a licence for some types of draws and raffles, our guides help you stay legal and run a safe draw. Gambling licence information, guidance and advice for businesses and individuals Visit the hub about gambling licence information, guidance and advice for businesses and individuals Help and support If you or someone you know is struggling with gambling-related problems, contact the National Gambling Helpline (opens in new tab). 0808 8020 133 Free of charge, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Find published statistics and research in our hub Statistics and research hub about find published statistics and research in our hub Our work Find out about the work we're doing to raise standards in the gambling industry, protect children and the vulnerable and keep crime out of gambling. Autumn 2023 consultation – Proposed changes to LCCP and RTS: Consultation Response published 4 February 2025 Summer 2023 consultation – Proposed changes to LCCP and RTS: Consultation Response published 1 May 2024 Guide corporate strategy 2024 to 2027 published 8 April 2024 Young People and Gambling 2023: Official statistics published 16 November 2023 Who we are and what we do Find out more about what we do, what we regulate and who we are in our about us section. Action we've taken More &nbsp;enforcement action 11 year ban for darts player Andy Jenkins 30 April 2025 Industry warning notice: regulatory returns submissions 17 April 2025 Gambling Commission charges 15 with General Election betting offences 14 April 2025 Football Pools Limited faces £375,000 regulatory action 27 March 2025 Latest news More &nbsp;news Bingo Association AGM - Tim Miller speech This speech was delivered by executive director Tim Miller at the Bingo Association AGM on 1 May 2025. Please note: This is the speech as drafted and may slightly differ from the delivered version. 02 May 2025 Bacta SR Exchange - Bryony Sheldon speech This speech was delivered by Director of Policy Bryony Sheldon at the Bacta SR Exchange on Wednesday 26 March 2025. Please note: This is the speech as drafted and may slightly differ from the delivered version. 27 March 2025 Gambling promotions to be safer and simpler New rules increasing the safety and simplicity of consumer promotional offers are to be introduced by the Gambling Commission. 26 March 2025 Consultations More &nbsp;consultations January 2025 Consultation on proposed changes to the Gaming Machine Technical Standards, Gaming Machine Testing Strategy and Licence Conditions and Codes of Practice Closes on 3 June 2025 Opens in a new tab Latest blog posts More &nbsp;blogs Women and Gambling on International Women’s Day 2025 10 March 2025 - Statistics and research. Young people’s experiences of gambling – qualitative research findings 3 March 2025 - Statistics and research. Sign up to e-bulletin Our newsletter, e-bulletin, is sent fortnightly and contains news, updates and latest advice from the Gambling Commission and DCMS. Sign up Is this page useful? Yes this page is helpful No this page is not helpful Report a problem with this page Thank you for your feedback. If you want to complain about a gambling business or have a general enquiry, use the contact us page. Feedback Feedback We are not able to respond to comments but your feedback will help us improve our website. You can enter up to 250 characters Complaints and queries Do not use this form for complaints as we will not reply. If you want to complain about a gambling business or need further help please contact us. User research If you want to provide feedback about new services and features, join our user research programme. Submit feedback Cancel and close form This form is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy (opens in new tab) and Terms of Service (opens in new tab) apply. Gambling Commissionwebsites Public and players Licensees and businesses Licensing authorities About us Advisory groups Information News Careers Contact us Services Follow us The following links open in a new tab: X (formally Twitter) (opens in new tab) LinkedIn (opens in new tab) YouTube (opens in new tab) National Gambling Helpline Call 0808 8020 133 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, or visit gamcare.org.uk (opens in new tab) Newsletter Sign up to e-bulletin Accessibility statement Privacy Policy Cookies Terms of use Social Media Policy Welsh View this page in Welsh or other languages Release: Release-140 Back to top