Licensees Hub Cookies on the Gambling Commission website The Gambling Commission website uses cookies to make the site work better for you. Some of these cookies are essential to how the site functions and others are optional. Optional cookies help us remember your settings, measure your use of the site and personalise how we communicate with you. Any data collected is anonymised and we do not set optional cookies unless you consent. Accept all cookies Set cookie preferences You've accepted all cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Hide Cookie Message Skip to main content Public and playersLicensees and businessesLicensing authorities About usNewsContact usServices Menu Search the website Search the website Close search Content in this section Close menu Home Licences and fees Sectors Compliance AML Enforcement LCCP Other parts of the website For public and players For licensees and businesses For licensing authorities Corporate information About us News Contact us Online services Gambling licence information, guidance and advice for businesses and individuals. Information for existing or prospective gambling businesses including what types of licence you may need, how much they cost and the licence conditions and codes of practice that apply to your licence. LCCP Online View and search the Licence Conditions and Codes of Practice (LCCP) online. Hubs Our hubs provide information, guidance and policies for how we license gambling in Great Britain and your obligations as a licensee. Licences and fees Find out about the different licences we provide, the fees you'll need to pay and how we assess business and personal licence applications. Sector guides Guidance, information and policies for each of the sectors we licence, in one place. Compliance The compliance hub helps you understand how to comply with your licence conditions with policies, guidance and case studies. Anti-Money Laundering The Anti-Money Laundering hub provides access to policies, guidance and information on how to comply with AML requirements. Recent publications Online slots stake limit guidance Regulatory returns guidance Guidance Testing strategy for compliance with remote gambling and software technical standards Strategy Online games design and reverse withdrawals Consultation response Remote gambling and software technical standards (RTS) Standards National Strategic Assessment 2020 Strategy Raising Standards for consumers - Compliance and Enforcement report 2019 to 2020 Report LCCP Information requirements Guidance High Value Customers: Industry guidance Guidance Changes to the licence conditions and codes of practice on High Value Customers Consultation response Other policies, advice and guidance notes Action we've taken More &nbsp;enforcement action 11 year ban for darts player Andy Jenkins 30 April 2025 Industry warning notice: regulatory returns submissions 17 April 2025 Gambling Commission charges 15 with General Election betting offences 14 April 2025 Check a gambling business licence Search by name or account number Search the gambling business register You can also search our public register for licensed individuals and premises. Calculate your licence fees Our online licence fee calculator can help you understand the fees you need to pay. Consultations View and respond to consultations on changes we're proposing. Statistics and research Our latest published statistics and research including industry statistics. e-bulletin updates Our newsletter, e-bulletin is sent fortnightly and contains news, updates and latest advice from the Gambling Commission and DCMS. Sign up to e-bulletin 12 days ago e-bulletin 22 April - Gambling Commission newsletter (opens in new tab) a month ago e-bulletin 7 April - Gambling Commission newsletter (opens in new tab) Older e-bulletins (opens in new tab) Is this page useful? Yes this page is helpful No this page is not helpful Report a problem with this page Thank you for your feedback. If you want to complain about a gambling business or have a general enquiry, use the contact us page. Feedback Feedback We are not able to respond to comments but your feedback will help us improve our website. You can enter up to 250 characters Complaints and queries Do not use this form for complaints as we will not reply. If you want to complain about a gambling business or need further help please contact us. User research If you want to provide feedback about new services and features, join our user research programme. Submit feedback Cancel and close form This form is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy (opens in new tab) and Terms of Service (opens in new tab) apply. Gambling Commissionwebsites Public and players Licensees and businesses Licensing authorities About us Advisory groups Information News Careers Contact us Services Follow us The following links open in a new tab: X (formally Twitter) (opens in new tab) LinkedIn (opens in new tab) YouTube (opens in new tab) National Gambling Helpline Call 0808 8020 133 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, or visit gamcare.org.uk (opens in new tab) Newsletter Sign up to e-bulletin Accessibility statement Privacy Policy Cookies Terms of use Social Media Policy Welsh View this page in Welsh or other languages Release: Release-140 Back to top